# Other map providers

Apart from the OpenStreetMap and Bing Maps, you can also render the maps from other map service provided by specifying `layerType` as `OSM` and the URL generated by map provider in the `URLTemplate` property. Here, Google maps is rendered. This provides customizable maps with your own content and imagery.

Refer to [Google maps licensing](https://developers.google.com/maps/terms#10-license-restrictions).

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othermap", sourceFiles="othermap.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}

## Zooming and panning

You can zoom and pan the Google maps layer. Zooming helps you get a closer look at a particular area on a map for in-depth analysis. Panning helps you to move a map around to focus the targeted area.

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othermapzoom", sourceFiles="othermapzoom.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}

## Adding markers and navigation line

Markers can be added to the layers of Google maps by setting the corresponding location's coordinates of latitude and longitude using `markerSettings` property. You can add navigation lines on top of an Google maps layer  for highlighting a path among various places by setting the corresponding location's coordinates of latitude and longitude in the `navigationLineSettings` property.

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othermapmarker", sourceFiles="othermapmarker.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}

## Sublayer

You can render any GeoJSON shape as a sublayer on top of an Google maps layer for highlighting a particular continent or country in Google maps by adding another layer and specifying the type to SubLayer.

{% aspTab template="maps/map-providers/othersublayer", sourceFiles="othersublayer.cs" %}

{% endaspTab %}